NEWS.md: update for 0.7.1 (#1469)
labwc/labwc: NEWS.md

| 2021-04-15 | [0.2.0]       | 0.13.0          | 5011          |
| 2021-03-05 | [0.1.0]       | 0.12.0          | 4627          |

## [unreleased]

### Added

- Expose output configuration test to clients. For example, this enables
  `wlr-randr --dryrun`

> - Support mapping of touch devices by name to output (display).

Reviewer: May be also show the xml here with the `deviceName` attribute (https://github.com/labwc/labwc/blob/master/docs/rc.xml.all#L434)? Might also combine this point with the one on line 52 (“Add config option to map touch events to output names”) which introduced the `touch` element.

Author: Good point. Have combined + added a `deviceName` attribute  example.

      </resistance>

- Set keyboard layout on reconfigure. Issue #1407
- Reset keyboard-layout group (index) for each window on reconfigure if
  the keymap has changed.
- Support merging multiple config files with the --merge-config command
  line option. Issue #1406
- Add config option to map touch events to output names.
  Written-by: @jp7677

      <touch mapToOutput=""/>

- Add tablet support including:
    - Mapping of tablet to output (display)
    - Emulation of cursor movement and button press/release
    - Configuration of area and rotation
  Written-by: @jp7677 @Consolatis

      <tablet mapToOutput="HDMI-A-1" rotate="90">
        <area top="0.0" left="0.0" width="0.0" height="0.0" />
        <map button="Tip" to="Left" />
        <map button="Stylus" to="Right" />
        <map button="Stylus2" to="Middle" />
      </tablet>

- Add tearing support. #1390. Written-by: @Ph42oN @ahesford
- Add configuration support for mouse buttons `Side`, `Extra`, `Forward`,
  `Back` and `Task`. Written-by: @jp7677
- config: allow `<libinput><device>` without category attribute to define a
  `default` profile because it is more user-friendly and intuitive.

> - Add a configuration option enable adaptive sync only when an application is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add a configuration option to enable adaptive sync only when an application is
```

Author: Thanks. Done.

  in fullscreen mode. Written-by: @Ph42oN
- Add `touchpad` libinput device type to increase configuration flexibility,
  for example allowing `naturalScroll` on touchpads, but not on regular pointer
  devices such as mice. Written-by: @jmbaur
- Add actions:
    - `AutoPlace` (by @ahesford)
    - `MoveToOutput`, `FitToOutput` (by @jp7677)
    - `Shade`, `Unshade`, `ToggleShade` (by @ahesford @Consolatis)
- Add config option `<placement><policy>` with supported values `center`,
  `under-cursor` and `automatic`. The latter minimizes overlap with other
  windows already on screen and is similar to Openbox's smart window placement.
  Written-by: @ahesford #1312

      <placement>
        <policy>center|automatic|cursor</policy>
      </placement>

### Fixed

- Fix output configuration bug causing compositor crash when refresh rate is
  zero. Issue #1458
- Fix disappearing cursor bug on view destruction. Issue #1393
- Use used specified config-file (using -c command line option) on
  reconfigure.

> - view: assign output on surface creation instead of mapping and notify
>   the client of the preferred output scale when doing so. This fixes an
>   issue with foot: https://codeberg.org/dnkl/foot/issues/1579

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Assign outputs to new views on surface creation instead of mapping, and notify
  the client of the preferred output scale when doing so. This fixes an
  issue with foot: https://codeberg.org/dnkl/foot/issues/1579
```

Author: Done.

  Issue #1424
- Fix crash when a minimized fullscreen window closes. Written-by: @bi4k8
- Execute menu actions after closing menus so that menu entries can issue
  `wtype` commands to the surface with keyboard-focus. Issue #1366
- Try to honor original window geometry on layout changes.
- Fix virtual keyboard bug experienced with `wlrctl keyboard type xyz`. Do not
  process virtual keyboard keycodes (just the keysyms). Issue #1367
- Sync xdg-shell client `view->pending` when applying geometry to fix issue
  caused by applications choosing not respond to pending resize requests either
  by ignoring them or substituting alternative sizes (for example, when mpv
  constrains resizes to keep its aspect ratio fixed). Written-by: @ahesford
    
### Changed

- The new windowEdgeStrength setting makes windows resist interactive moves and
  resizes across the edges of other windows. This can be disabled with:

      <resistance>
        <windowEdgeStrength>0</windowEdgeStrength>
      </resistance>

- When `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME` is defined, it replaces (rather than augments)
  `$HOME/.config`. Similarly, `$XDG_CONFIG_DIRS` replaces `/etc/xdg` when

>   defined.

Reviewer 2: This was the case before, because the first-processed configuration would terminate the search for configuration files.

Author: Whoa... good point. Got too wrapped up in the detail! Have removed that paragraph.

- Run menu actions on button release intead of press.
- Constrain window size to that of usable area when an application is started.
  Issue #1399
- Support showing the full `app_id` in window-switcher (configured using the

>   keyword `identifier`. 

Reviewer 3: missing closing `)`

Author: Done.
